Hello, everyone.
It's me.
This problem is I have every problem.
Old enemy poker.
Because when I was, like, three or four years ago, when I was.
But mean this was the first problem.
And actually left me programming because I was not able to understand it.
Because I was totally jumping on the solution and there was no one.
So let's see how to solve this problem.
And this will give you an example.
How to solve all these strings problem.
How to think of a way in solving problems of digit with strings and.
A very nice problem because after this, we'll be doing some very interesting string problem.
And those are very famous problems as well by wild card matching and other parametric idea.
So we will have a mentality.
We'll just have a thinking that will help us on this.
And after this, that same mentality will help us solve the other problems as well.
So the problem is the problem's name is at a distance.
You understand why it is called at a distance.
You are given two strings, A and B answer.
What is this?
This number of operations, you need to transform it to be.
Great water operations operation.
First operation is to date one letter from one of the.
It can insert one letter into one of the strings.
Replace one letter from one of the strings with another letter.
Input.
Okay, let's leave input output.
This this is a first excuse, which is food and money and the output is four, right?
That means I have two things.
Afterwards, things like the food and money in that case and I have to convert would lose money by performing
these operations to any one of the characters to not to any one of the characters.
I mean, one operation to one character equals to one.
But I have to find out how many operations I have to play.
So as the output suggests, it's for let's let's let's figure out what how it is for.
And then we'll you will be able to understand what the problem is.
The operations are the lead one letter from one of the strings.
Well, here, one of the strings.
This part is slightly confusing, because now it says that you can.
You have, you can do these operations in both districts eight.
But just a quick hint or maybe a quick.
Thing to keep in mind is that.
It was not one of those things.
If it says that, okay, do the operation in only the above string or only the downstream?
And then also the answer would have been same.
We'll see how that.
Evaluate to.
But before before moving on to that part, let's just keep this in mind that we can do it in one of
District eight.
Okay.
So how is the answer for it?
Mostly what I can do is I can convert this f to am I can replace perform a replace operation on this
f are you get them to images m or images or and now this or D and E via right.
Let's replace this or when let's replace this.
Do you by e basically perform three operations right now and finally insert way.
Eight.
So I have three replace operations and one insert operations, which gives me what?
But this is a very easy example.
This is a very simple, easy Boolean example that we are iterating and we are not able to figure out.
Basically, if they're not equal, then do this.
Otherwise, if they're equal, do this.
Just think of a case where this was not here.
Let's do this over there.
When?
Then what would have been the good solution?
Just think about this.
And right now we can see the land of this.
Things are equal reality.
This was the above string.
It said this.
Late in this order.
We cannot, you know, just iterate over and keep on replacing.
Let me give you an example.
Let's see.
Yeah.
This was the shrink money.
And here it is.
Act.
So now can we perform the gritty approach that if they're not equal, replace it, not equal, replace
it, not equal, replace it?
No, I can't do that because I haven't had that operation going delete.
I can delete these two weeks and then I can simply get this many.
Eight.
Well, let's keep these things in mind.
If there are multiple possibilities and greedy approaches won't work.
Of course I can list on many really approaches and show you that all of them will not work.
But I would just leave that to you now to think about the approaches and see whether or not working.
Let's get back to.
Now in every dynamic programming problem, what we have done is we have a recursive solution.
And before moving on to the solution, we have some states defined right in this kind of programming.
What in this deep one strings.
What I'll do is I'll just keep.
Iterating.
I'll just keep two pointers.
I ended initially there on the first indexes of Buddhist strings.
Basically the zeroth index of both the strings.
And I'll see.
Let me write it.
It f i comedy the present.
The.
The answer.
Basically, that is the minimum number.
A minimum number of operations.
So that.
It would still be.
Just simply because Friday represents the onset so that it can still be right.
So in this part, what is A and B here hit in B C's?
Because, you know, we have I in there.
We have some variables.
They see from 8 billion, that is.
If I in and.
It converged to be of little.
And this is important.
So this is what we have already been doing, always been doing.
When we talk about the index and the we talk about the first eight or the last eight because it depends
on the bottom up approach or top down approach that you are trying to solve it.
Now, here we see that I'm just converting this.
Particular substring of v which is from i2 end.
It would be too from me to adhere to it and just give me the best lines.
No, not this.
No.
Let's keep this thing in mind and let's move.
Let's move ahead.
It's.
Yeah, it's more it.
By keeping this thing in mind.
You guys, if I say if this is I and this is the the first indexes I hear g here won't F of 00b are
final answer.
Final answer.
It should be a final answer.
Right?
Because what does that zero represents?
That is starting from zero.
Thailand will be converted to be starting from zero two and that is that are both the complete acing
and the complete B string, right.
No.
Let's perform these operations one by one.
So let's say I'm on the first operation all delete rate and this is the important part it's a I'm performing
a delete operation if first operation.
But tell me we PIRG that means right now on the Iot.
X and digital index.
On the more string side here you can see I enjoyed initially zero zero, but that's not always the case.
I will move forward.
They will move forward and they will apparently.
Let's talk about the first case only.
If I'm performing a delete operation here.
In the first letter.
I'm trying to delete this particular character.
F eight.
I'm deleting this character f l me.
What?
What string would be left to match.
Okay, so let's say I deleted this if.
Now, the next thing that I want to match from here is this.
Right.
And the next thing that I want to match from B.
B.
It is still money because I deleted the first corrected off.
If E string, I'm just deleted f and I'm not deleted.
That means if I still have to match, if I still have to, you know, edit in a two string B and perform
the operation.
That means this whole string is still left here and this whole string is still left in because by deleting
a character, the characters did not match.
Because I'm just perform a simple, plain delete operation.
You can see.
Just.
Yeah, this and this.
And I see it here at EPG.
If I'm deleting the character f it will be equal to dip I plus one.
For Majid, that means tell me, what is the distance between order and money?
Because I have deleted if.
Eight.
Audie.
Basically, I won't I will move ahead because now this of stingers left in Dubai and I will stay there
because there is no such thing, because there is no deletion, no character matching in the OR.
I just perform one operation that is dilutive and this plus one because I performed in Operation eight.
So always remember the plus one will be there because I performed in operation and that's what I need
to return in the end.
Now let's go back.
Now we're back.
And now let's delete em.
Okay.
Let's delete them.
What will I get if you delete them?
I still need to match food because I deleted them and I still need to match.
Or anyway.
Eight.
So in this case.
If I delete them later, deleted them.
This is the second case.
Let me make it right.
Accepted.
But in this case, what is the easy?
Because now this is another operation.
In this case, DPA becomes.
It becomes deep.
DP i.e. bless.
Okay.
This time we won't add anything, you know, because I did not move forward and I still have that whole
string food to be managed with.
Oh.
Anyway, now this game is going.
Basically, it will be a comedy.
Plus one plus one.
I hope you got this point.
We have two relations.
First, if I dilutive and the second if I delete.
And.
Because I always have two choices, right?
If I you are not the end means they are not binding on the end of the string or they are not pointing
to an empty substring.
That means they are always pointing to some characters.
And on those characters I can always performed a delete of.
ET Now if I insert, let's talk about insert.
It may remove its.
Again coming back to the same place.
If I'm if I was on f days on them and I'm performing an insert operation, it's in performing an insert
operation in string E at place of 88.
And if I'm inserting something, I will always try to match the down character, the character in the
other string, basically.
If I'm inserting somewhere, if I'm inserting a character in front of food, which is everybody, I
want to insert something here.
And I will always start to insert a character which is down here because I want them to match.
Then only the pointer will move ahead.
Because they have meshed.
They.
Basically it will be m letter inserted.
M That means this m matches this m.
Right.
In this case, what happens if these two images now, what is left to match?
I want to match this or any way to f40.
Because I've already inserted em.
This is what an insert operation does.
So in this case, what will be my state?
Think about it.
Goodbye, David.
Did I move forwards?
Of course I've inserted em.
Inserting em just means that I'm trying to match the below character with the operation that I perform.
I'm not actually inserting it into the string in my, you know, but it's an imaginary inserting because
I'm performing an operation.
I inserted em which matches the below em.
Now I did not move forward because I will still be on F.
I mean, the whole food thing is still there to be measured.
I did not move ahead.
I will remain as it is.
They will move ahead because this m measured by an insert operation and i will perform this one.
I led one because I inserted something.
I hope this is very clear.
Eight.
Now let's think about inserting something below means in the lower string.
Yep.
Now, let's m inserting f here.
In front of him.
I look in his LG was pointing it, but JJ inserted something and this particular location.
I still have this whole string to match.
Right.
AMD did not match any correctable rate.
The only insertion that took place is F which matched this f which was above in the.
Doing it right now.
Those things which are remaining there needs to be managed at this or D and the whole money.
The whole money rate.
Only the EFCC had acted.
The above sting meshed.
So in this case, what will happen is simple.
DPD will be called to a P.
I bless one for Margie plus one my plus one year because F.M. during insertion.
Well here there's one thing to note and that is.
That.
EPA, is it this is equal to this.
Right.
Because if I'm deleting and if that means no match or D with money.
Or if I'm inserting F in the listing, it also means the same thing that match or D with my name because
this F has already been missed.
Edit Imagine if all you delete in there.
Eight, and both of them will lead us to this same direction, because if we have this mess, it's out
of attention.
Or if it's delayed, it's again out of our hands and we don't have to meet it.
We don't have to edit it.
Something I hope you got this.
That both of them are the same approach.
No.
Yeah.
It's move ahead.
When it comes to the third operation and the third operation is in place.
So, again, if easier.
Easier.
And I want to replace this if.
With what character should replace.
Of course, replacing a with some character except him doesn't make sense, right?
Because we are matching.
We want minimum possible operation.
We will match.
This.
If it doesn't, they will try to replace everything.
And so let's say he replaced this f with them.
Now what?
All strings are there which needs matching?
This needs matching with.
This.
That means from A-plus one to end needs matching with J plus 128.
So what it becomes known DP icon mid-year is equals to DP I plus one on my plus one because I enjoy
bottom edge because I replace the character with the second character.
Right.
And.
Next is if I am performing the same operation in the other string.
As I said, guys, other string actually is it's just a, you know, something to confuse otherwise.
But we can see that we'll have all those states.
Okay.
We'll see that little.
Now just think about if I am replacing this MF one performing replace operation on this great character
instead of fired.
If I am replacing this and if and again this is left to match with this one, it becomes BPI is again
equal to BPI plus one plus one plus one because these are going to end performing some operations.
I hope this makes sense.
Eight.
So these are all cases that we have done on, let's say, litigation.
Just, you know, quick introspection.
Let's see if we don't have to perform operation in this second string.
Let's do a new operation performing the second string.
Because there are circumstances that you can only perform the operation in the first string.
And what world stage do I have?
I have divided custody by plus one, g plus one.
EBITDA goes to Dubai for my G plus one plus one.
Nobody goes to Dubai plus one de.
Plus en plus one.
Eight.
I hope this makes sense.
We have all three states and here also we have the same three states which are repeating in both cases,
things will be same.
I hope I hope this is making sense, either with the lead in Sirte or the place in one of the strings
equal to the leader place in insert in the other string and is also equal to the lead instead of raising
both the.
Well, because we have all these same states operating and we have to calculate for those two.
Right now, there's also a fourth state.
What is the fourth state?
The First Lady's.
Let's see.
I was there.
Jay was here initially and I replaced Jeff with them.
Now use Isaiah, Jay-Z.
Eight.
Either day there because we moved I plus one G plus when I tell me if what the characters are saying
is that any operation needed.
Part of the photo operation.
What operation is no operation?
If both the characters are same, that means if each of I is equal to be your G, that means don't perform
an operation.
But in this case, what is my deep, deepest nothing?
VBIED is nothing.
See, these are already eyes.
Right now what is left to match is this and this.
That means deep ideas equals to deep I plus one g plus one.
And this was not an operations will not at plus one after it.
Eight.
I hope you got this point.
There will be a case when both the characters are already merged.
I enjoy.
Which doesn't need any more matching.
If they don't need matching, we won't perform an operation that is equal to DPA plus one G plus.
Well, now these are the four operations and now just some basic cases that we need to think about.
And those are not very easy.
Let's say I reach out and that means easier.
And there is.
Quite possible late because some sometimes AI is increasing, sometimes it is increasing something sometimes
more than increasing.
We are doing all possible ways.
We are writing about all possible cases.
I you will be in okay.
Before going to the student, let's talk about if what I enjoy are on the end.
It's it is near and dear east here.
What does it represent?
It represents match empty string with empty string.
So what does it mean if I.
Is it not size?
And here is the word.
That means water on the end.
Water Indian.
That means I simply.
How many operations are required to convert an empty string to an interesting zero?
Right in 0 seconds.
Let's ice equals to Edwardses.
That means.
Eyes on the end.
And Jay's not on the end.
They.
Let's say, geez, over here anyway.
It doesn't matter.
Right.
Wherever it is.
If I want to convert an empty string to this and even I model operations going to perform, I can just
insert an insert e insert.
By itself, it is about converting an empty string, which I use pointing to you as string which js
point individual anyway.
So if I is on the end, which is I is on the last character.
And it's not on the last character, then what I can do is I can simply say I can simply return.
It is, Bedard says.
I mean, the number of characters that are left to be converted, eight minus the Can I do this?
One, two, three, four, five, five.
Minus two, three, eight.
Well, I just counted how many characters are there from zero to end of B and assembly written there
because that many insert insertion operations are required or that many deletion operations are required.
You can say it both ways.
We have seen this rate that deleting is equal to inserting from the other or insert in deleting in the
other is equal to inserting in the other way.
Both of them have the same DP.
Relations.
I hope this is making sense.
Oh, let me.
Is this.
Okay.
Finally, what we have is if the final case, which is if Jay-Z was to be ordered, says, let's do
this, this is the end of jazz.
These the N-word, I need to return him.
But he's pointing, I'm dissing.
He has something left.
It means it is a size minus A is many operations are required.
Well, and if it let's say it doesn't go in this base case, it doesn't go in this base case doesn't
go in this base case.
That means is greater than sorry.
I is less than you.
Don't say this.
And list then.
Viruses.
Right.
So if I learned that lesson, it's easy to let them be the size.
That means we have characters.
We have characters will perform these four operation.
This.
I hope you understood this.
And how is this debate because of religion coming in.
Finally, what we have.
We have it be okay.
So firstly, we have two cases.
I think I need to lose it and open it again.
Hmm.
But finally, what we have is if.
If the characters are if AA is not equal to BD, that means what?
The characters are different.
That means API will be equal to nothing but minimum of all the operations that I can do a minimum of.
It's covered all the operations, but operation is deep.
I won't mind a plus one.
Okay.
Accumulated is equal to a minimum of bust operation that I'm doing, which is deep.
I got my G plus one.
Plus one former DP.
I got my A-plus one from AJ plus one, which is in session in the first grade and deletion in the second
case.
And the third one is I plus one comma G plus one plus one.
Eight other ways.
Else that means what the characters are saying.
Then it is nothing, but it is nothing but equal to a p i plus one comma g plus.
But I had no plus one added because no operation is performed.
You are already getting the correct assessing.
I hope this is making sense.
So this is the whole code also, and we'll call it out also.
But this is the important part.
But what's upsetting is not to match.
And we were using this same approach, the same thought process.
All over the destroying problems would tank everyone in the next part.